do we got here who we got it is about to
get tore apart by Bryan fury Mardock
Mardock who wants to drown them in this
puddle right is this this puddle come on
chokehold if I'm gonna put a choke on it
with yourself to restrain the bullets I
got hanging off my lady yeah ah jacked
up
oh you think that's gonna work forever
ah ya get oh my goodness
you George and want to ground all right
good good with the attacking Cruz you're
finished off on the ground
my mind you want to play that okay oh
okay oh that would add a hair Ryan came
out swinging anime Mardock must be used
this face of life that's gotta hurt 30
get hurt headed do you think that's not
the only way to free the cloud
yeah back bodydrop mom needs JRE
commentate coming yeah oh snap we go
muck missing Oh Murdock Murdock Murdock
one more night wasn't that blocking good
no I know that Jimmy I barely got the
chair ball York yeah yeah ah such a big
self down knock that crown thing off it
No
dirt and junk ain't workin man she's not
working stop it get back do it again do
it do it do it oh I was waitin on ya rat
it song wait you look boy oh let's go
look at it change the misery old golden
oh man mom throw out on the whole thing
to come out with his jumping bone rush
and silk think that right right all
right men suck Ryan got to see nothing
good job Brian good game